Add "Chat with an LLM" tutorial (#5)
SubstrateLabs/examples: tutorials/chat-with-an-llm/README.md

# Chat with an LLM

<details>
<summary>How to run this example</summary>
<br/>

```bash
# Set your API key as an environment variable.
export SUBSTRATE_API_KEY=ENTER_YOUR_KEY

# Run the TypeScript example

# If using tsx:
cd typescript                   # Navigate to the typescript example
npm install                     # Install dependencies
npm start                       # Run the example

# Run the Python example

# If using Poetry:
cd python                       # Navigate to the python example
poetry install                  # Install dependencies and build the example
poetry run main                 # TODO: not sure how this should be configured yet.
poetry run python src/main.py   # Run the example

# If using Rye:
# Update pyproject.toml to switch to Rye.
cd python
rye sync
rye run main
```

</details>

![hero](hero.png)

In this short tutorial we're going to look at how to setup a simple console app to chat with an LLM. 

At a high level, what we're doing is creating a loop where we:

> 1. accept user input
> 2. generate the LLM response (that includes the chat history in the context)
> 3. update the chat history

Author: ```suggestion
1. Accept user input
2. Generate the LLM response (that includes the chat history in the context)
3. Update the chat history
```

const message = (role, content) => ({ role, content });

const blue = (text) => `\x1b[34m${text}\x1b[0m`;

const rl = readline.createInterface({
  input: process.stdin,
  output: process.stdout,
});

const prompt = (log) => `
You are a friendly assistant. Have fun engaging in the conversation.

=== Rules
* Reply with just text
* No special formatting for your role in the text
* Ask engaging follow up questions when appropriate

=== Chat Log
${log.map((m) => `[${m.role}]: ${m.content}`).join("\n\n")}`;

const continueThread = (log) => {
  rl.question(`> `, async (userPrompt) => {
    log.push(message("user", userPrompt));

    const llm = new ComputeText({ prompt: prompt(log) });
    const stream = await substrate.stream(llm);

    process.stdout.write("\n");
    for await (let event of stream) {
      if (event.object === "node.delta") {
        process.stdout.write(blue(event.data.text));
      }
      if (event.object === "node.result") {
        process.stdout.write("\n\n");
        log.push(message("assistant", event.data.text));
      }
    }
    continueThread(log);
  });
};
console.log("=== Welcome to the chat! (use ^C to quit)");
continueThread([]);
```

> The script itself is mostly setting up getting user input, writing output to the screen, and creating our loop that contains the chat log.

Author: ```suggestion
Most of the program above is handling user inputs, writing outputs, and running our chat loop with a log of what's been said so far.
```
